Fix RabbitMQ user-defined queue parameters (#76)
tenzir/threatbus: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- ## Unreleased -->

##  [2020.11.30]

> - 🐞 The RabbitMQ backbone plugin again respects user-defined queue parameters,
>   like `durable` or `lazy` queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🐞 The RabbitMQ backbone plugin ignored user-defined queue parameters, such as `durable` or `lazy` queues. It now respects such parameters again.
```

Modulo textwidth.
